Previously on "How to Get Away
with Murder"...
I'll pursue you all day.
But I won't chase.
Why does she have
half a mil in stock
from a company
Laurel Castillo owns?
That is
a question for Tegan.
Cora: Now, do you want
to ask her yourself
or should I send her
this recording?
Get your shady ass
the hell out of my firm.
I'm gonna help you
get what you want.
We'll file
a wrongful death lawsuit.
Paul?
I did it.
It's murder, Ma.
He's not the one,
Michaela.
You feel like
bitch-slapping the Castillos?
We're gonna file
a restraining order
against the whole family.
And here I am,
considering disappearing
because I'm afraid
for my life.
Either you protect me
or they kill me.
Asher.
Robert:
How about ice skating?
I tried ice skating once.
Made me appreciate
the concrete.
[ Chuckles ]
Do you consider mini-golf
a sport?
Is golf-golf a sport?
Golf is my religion.
Ah.
I'm hanging up now.
Hey, whoa --
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
My hobbies mostly include
the arts,
like old movies,
the opera...
And you don't like
the arts either.
Why does it matter?
I'm trying to plan out
our sixth date, Annalise.
Sixth?
We went on one, for ice cream.
Yeah, over a month ago,
and as much
as I thoroughly enjoyed
dates two through five
being on the phone,
now I'd like to meet
in person.
♪♪
Asher: [ British accent ]
Come forth, young Gabriel.
I challenge thee,
Spawn of Sam,
to a battle
for me-lady's heart.
The good lady Michaela
shall pick her prince!
En garde! Ha ha!
Michaela: Put that down
before you stab someone.
But that's the point,
my fair one.
I'm willing to battle Cheekbones
to the death.
And if I don't want that?
But of course
you want this.
You get the cameras
working?
Yep. If the Castillos try
to kidnap one of us again,
we'll have it all
on tape.
Just put a sock on the camera
next time you two bone.
There's no boning
happening in my room,
not with you or Gabriel
because I am fabstinent
and focused
until exams are over.
I feel like
we've heard that before.
Robert:
Are you scared of me?
Should I be?
Well, I mean,
my awesome does
tend to intimidate women.
However --
[ Chuckles ]
I knew this was coming.
Like, this phone romance --
it's fun, sure,
but you know I'm looking
for something real.
And, uh, if -- if that's
not what you're looking for,
I just need you
to let me know.
Less heartbreak that way.
You're gonna give yourself
a hernia.
[ Frank breathing heavily ]
Or is that what you want?
Me to have to spend more time
in the hospital with you?
I wanna look good for when
you're finally ready for me.
[ Grunting ]
[ Exhales sharply ]
What makes you have hope
for this?
"This"?
As in us?
No clue.
But that's mainly because
you won't go out
on a second date with me.
You've had
two failed marriages,
God knows how many relationships
before that...
Is it my bad jokes?
I mean,
aren't you tired?
I know I am,
from work, teaching, life,
and then add getting to know
someone on top of that?
[ Sighs ]
I think the point
is for that someone to make
all of that hard stuff easier.
And, yes,
there's gonna be...
[ Thump ]
...annoying things
that go along with that,
like in-laws.
[ Rattling ]
You still there?
Stay on the line.
What's wrong?
Quiet.
Hang on.
[ Buttons beeping ]
You need me to come
over there?
♪♪
[ Rattling continues ]
Go away or I shoot!
Woman: Oh, my God!
No, please don't!
Who are you?
Sara Gordon.
I think
this is my Airbnb.
[ Sighs ]
Isn't this
the penthouse?
Which one?
There's more than one?
Yeah. Penthouse 1,
across the hallway.
Oh.
Y-- Right.
I'm so sorry.
Ugh.
Annalise,
what the hell is going on?
Annalise: Yeah, I'm fine.
It's just some idiot.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
Gabriel: Greetings, class.
Today, we're gonna do things
the Maddox way.
Professor Keating,
why is this 2-L leading
our class?
He's first chair
on this case.
Why?
Because he brought me
the idea
that is the future of
the criminal justice system.
Sit your ass down
and learn.
So, before I introduce our case,
I need a volunteer.
Ms. Pratt, why don't you
come give me a hand?
No thank you.
Didn't I just say
we're gonna change the world?
Get up.
Gabriel:
So, here's the situation --
Michaela here has wronged me,
to the point that I would like
her to be severely punished.
♪♪
Michaela: I don't know
how to say this,
so I'm just gonna rip
the Band-Aid.
I'm breaking up with you.
What are you talking about?
I just need to be alone
for a little.
Is this because I told Annalise
about Solomon?
No, it's because
of everything.
D-D-Did you and Asher
get together?
No.
Then tell me.
I'm about to graduate
and you're not,
and I'll probably move,
but first,
I need to finish strong
so I can be ready
for whatever's next.
And that can't include you.
Michaela --
No, there's no changing
my mind.
So...we're done.
[ Door closes ]
Gabriel: Now, I know
what you're asking
yourself --
Just what did Michaela do
to hurt me so bad?
You're gonna let him
get away with this?
I object.
She shot
and killed my son.
So, what are
my options here?
I could take her to trial,
could push
for the death penalty --
Hire a hitman
and take her out?
Legal options, please.
If I want to forgive her
and move on?
Is that really
the legal system's job?
Shouldn't it be?
Victims' families want justice.
That doesn't mean we have to
lock away the offender for life.
There are other ways
to reconcile.
It's been used
after the genocides
in Rwanda and Guatemala.
It's a legal process
where a defendant
faces a victim's families
in a public forum.
That, my friends,
is called...
[ Chalkboard slides, thumps ]
..."Restorative Justice."
And it's perfect
for our current client.
David: I told my last lawyer
the same thing.
I just want
to plead guilty.
You'll get 25 years.
I deserve more.
Why?
I mean, who does that help?
Meanwhile,
a restorative justice hearing
will help everyone
affected by this tragedy
move on and heal.
Gabriel: Our client is
high-school teacher David Golan.
Kept a Trasker 98
hidden in his classroom
at St. Bridget's due to his fear
of a high-school shooting.
This guy illegally brought a gun
to a school.
Why does he deserve
a more cushy trial
than any
of our other clients?
Because it was an accident.
You see, David thought
that his student,
Ryan Fitzgerald,
was going to attack his class.
David: Ryan's dead.
If he can't heal from this,
then I shouldn't either.
What about
his grandparents?
Your students?
Do they get to heal?
Hands up.
What's the first step
of a restorative justice
hearing?
Mr. Walsh.
The defendant acknowledges
their wrong.
I never even saw if Ryan
had a weapon on him.
I just assumed.
There's no excuse
for that.
But there is.
Parkland, Sandy Hook,
wherever it happens next.
It is scary as hell to be
a teacher in America today.
It's scarier
to be a student.
And I just made it worse
for mine.
Step two?
Ms. Osborn?
Share and understand the
negative effects of your crime.
Do you want to help
the people you hurt?
Because this hearing
will give Ryan's grandparents
the chance to weigh in
on your sentence,
and his friends
will get to say
what they want to result
from this tragedy.
This -- This is
what you're not getting.
Ryan -- Ryan didn't have
any friends.
He was alone. Right?
And I bought
into that idea of him.
Step three?
Really?
Nobody has an answer
for me?
Agreement on terms
of reparations.
David: I don't want a trial
or a hearing.
The D.A.'s already agreed
to my sentence.
But Ryan's grandparents were not
a part of that decision.
If they want me to do more time,
I'll do more time.
I don't think you deserve
25 years for an accident.
I do.
♪♪
You're playing the victim,
David,
because sitting in a jail
and sucking up tax dollars
does absolutely nothing.
But if you speak
about your pain,
you can teach people.
Take this tragedy
and make it mean something.
Gabriel convinced David
to do the hearing.
I got the D.A. on board.
The last approval we need
are from Ryan's grandparents,
Thomas and Donna.
I'm going to their home
later today to convince them.
We're going.
I never said that.
Now, how do we persuade
these grandparents
that the hearing
is good for them?
Well, my idea was to hit them
with the faith angle
'cause they're
devout Catholics.
And I think
that we can do better.
Anyone?
Let them know
that they would be doing
their community a service.
Like they haven't
sacrificed enough.
Come on, this case can prove
that the justice system
doesn't have to be
just about crime and punishment,
but actual healing.
We speak from the heart.
[ Sighs ]
When my dad
committed suicide,
my family
never talked about it.
The avoidance
tore us apart.
I'll share my story.
Mr. Millstone,
meet me at my office at 2:00.
We'll leave from there.
Class dismissed.
♪♪
I'm busy changing
the world.
I don't have time to meet
a new client.
Nate: Not even me?
You set me straight about
what Nate's been going through
since his father's death.
I decided to put
my hurt feelings away
and help him.
How?
Following a wrongful death suit
against the state.
You're naming
the Governor?
She ordered the hit.
You're standing
in a man's office
who's dead
because of that woman.
You want to be next?
How is this any different
than filing a restraining order
against Xavier?
She's gonna hit back,
Nate.
Out things
that none of us want.
♪♪
You feel that pain?
Miller: No!
Now do you feel that pain?
You're not on board.
That's okay.
But I didn't hire you --
I hired Tegan.
And we're filing this
today.
Okay, let's all chill,
take a night
to sleep on this,
make sure we're naming
the right people in the suit.
Or if you want
to file at all.
This will be filed,
with or without you.
Annalise: We can't let them file
that suit --
otherwise, we risk
everyone finding out
that Miller was innocent.
Told ya this would happen.
Well,
it's not gonna happen,
because you're going to
scare Tegan from filing.
What about you
just asking her real nice?
I need Bad Frank
for this.
Is he ready?
He's always ready.
Frank?
♪♪
Scare her good.
What secrets are you hiding?
Come on. Out with it.
Better they come out now
than during the trial.
You don't have to worry
about me.
Words every lawyer
loves to hear.
Are you getting
cold feet?
You're avoiding
my question.
I know the FBI was
investigating you last year.
They brought me in
for questioning.
Look, if I'm gonna take a shot
at the Governor --
[ Knock on door ]
Hi.
Unh-unh.
You're still fired.
I called her.
No, she's not helping
on this case.
She was in the D.A.'s when
Miller put the hit on my pops.
Again, I fired her.
Because of me,
and here we are.
Tegan...I'm sorry.
More importantly,
I can help you win.
Asher: A hearing like this
is about supporting you two
in the grief process
and making sure
that you have the chance
to speak your mind
before
Mr. Golan's sentencing.
We wrote letters
to the judge, A.D.A.
We told them we want that man
to get life in prison.
Look --
[ Sighs ]
I don't know your pain,
and I never will,
but...when my dad
died recently,
uh, it --
it tore our family apart.
Um...instead of talking
about it,
we -- we blamed each other,
and it spread like cancer,
to the point where
we still don't talk.
Speaking your mind,
even if it's all...
anger, grief,
and rage, eh --
it can help.
Maybe we do it.
No.
Then our only option
is to take this to trial.
But he was about
to plead guilty.
As his attorney,
I can't let him do that,
not when there are witnesses
who are willing to testify
that he thought he was acting
in self-defense.
There will be a trial,
but it won't be David's.
It'll be Ryan's,
his entire life
raked over the coals in court --
his arrests for fighting,
drug use,
rumors that he hurt
his mother --
Sue died
of a heart attack.
I'm just telling you
how the system works.
[ Sighs ]
That's why we're bringing you
this option.
It's not just to protect you,
but Ryan, too.
♪♪
[ Telephone rings in distance ]
Gabey better put on
some lipstick
'cause this ass
deserves a kiss.
Did you get Grammy and Pop Pop
to agree to do the hearing?
Like you need to ask.
I'm sure Annalise had nothing
to do with that.
Then why did she make me
your co-chair?
Huh? Careful.
Your jelly's showing.
Hey, Michaela, how bad
do you want this...
fiyah right now?
What is he talking about?
Can you two leave me
out of your pissing contest
so I can study?
Yeah.
Is your vag laced
with, like,
magical fairy dust
or something?
Surprised?
What is he doing?
I asked him
to entertain me.
Oh.
I want to be entertained.
You already have two dudes.
Eyes off mine.
♪♪
J.J.:
It was almost time for lunch.
Mr. G was finishing up
when Ryan came in.
He wasn't supposed to be
at school that week.
He had been suspended for
throwing a stapler at Mr. G.
That kind of stuff happened
all the time with Ryan,
but this time...
he kept yelling
all of this stuff
that didn't make
any sense.
So, when he reached
into his bag,
[Voice breaking]
we all just thought
this was it.
That's when I saw Mr. G
holding a gun.
Ryan made jokes
all the time --
about finding an old grenade
in his yard,
or that he was learning
to make a bomb.
He was a bully,
but not just to me,
but teachers, too.
Mr. G got the brunt of it
for some reason, though.
Ms. Maloney:
David's my friend.
W-We've worked together
20 years.
He cares about students.
Some people got
under their desks
when Ryan was yelling,
but I didn't,
so I saw when he reached
into his bag.
Everyone thought for sure
it was a gun.
It was his phone.
We all found that out
later.
Look, Mr. G didn't mean
to kill him.
It was a bad decision
to bring the gun,
but I really just think
he was just thinking
that it would protect us.
It was a terrible accident.
♪♪
I'm so sorry, David.
I have to tell them.
I think Ms. Maloney
might need a recess.
No. Emotion is the point
of the process.
The thing Ryan was going
to show everyone on his phone
was David's profile
for a dating app
just for men.
We work
at a Catholic high school.
David would have lost his job,
and Ryan knew that.
So, part of me wonders
if that's why David shot him,
so no one would find out.
♪♪
Were you sleeping
with that boy?
God, no.
But he knew
you were gay?
Yes.
That's not why I shot him.
How are we supposed
to believe that?
I had Ryan in my detention
one day,
and I...
I just left my phone out...
and he saw a message
come through.
I don't think
that's why I did it.
But who knows?
Maybe there's
just some part of me that...
♪♪
Maybe I did it on purpose.
Promise me you won't do
something stupid tonight?
I won't.
Good.
Because the D.A.'s talking
about taking this to trial,
but we're going to keep
this hearing going.
No, Ryan's grandparents are
gonna want to take it to trial.
That's for me
to figure out.
Your job?
Is to sleep.
[ Door buzzes, opens ]
Get him on suicide watch.
You got it.
♪♪
[ Handcuffs clicking ]
Did David set off
your gaydar?
'Cause he definitely
didn't mine.
Connor: I knew the minute
I saw his photo.
You think everyone's gay.
Gay for me, sure.
I've missed
that arrogance.
Oh, he's speaking
from experience, Oliver.
There's the, uh,
the straight soccer player,
straight banker --
Oh, and don't forget
about Andy Dresher.
Partner
at the law firm
Connor interned at
before Middleton.
Did you know that he had
a wife and kids?
Of course.
And you didn't feel bad?
He should feel bad,
not me.
Should we tell his wife?
-Are you insane?
-And ruin his life?
Would you say the closet
is a very bad thing?
It made David shoot
his student.
That's not
why he shot him.
Then why does
he feel guilty?
Because he killed someone.
Okay, but he feels
more guilty
than most people would
in his shoes.
You don't know that.
He feels more guilty
than us.
[ Scoffs ]
And we're not in jail.
We're just sitting here,
eating cookies.
Can we not talk
about this?
I think seeing my mom
brought everything back
from everything we've done.
-Stop.
-Don't do this.
Look, the whole point
of restorative justice
is to talk and heal,
and we never talk
about any of it.
Asher...
I just --
I still don't even know
what you all did exactly
to Sam.
Okay, that's it.
I'm gonna go upstairs to study.
[ Knock on door ]
Gabriel: Michaela.
It's Gabriel.
I know you said to stay away,
but I...
[ Exhales sharply ]
Today was hard.
And I don't have anybody
to talk to about it.
And I can't call my mom
because she'll just yell at me
for staying here.
And you know what?
I don't...
Maybe she's right.
I only stayed here because
Annalise is ballsy enough
to do hearings like this,
but now I just feel like David
might just get more time
because --
And how is that
your fault?
♪♪
Stop making it
about you.
♪♪
See?
This is why I need you.
Connor: This
is stage-5 clinger territory.
Asher: Quiet.
She's gonna
break his heart again.
Yeah, that's my girl.
Gabriel, I've been very clear
about what I want.
Yeah, I-I know,
but isn't that just because
you're pissed at me?
I'll be pissed
if you don't respect my wishes.
♪ It's so easy
not to try at all ♪
I'm talking about me convincing
you to find your father,
because he was here
and then he left,
and -- and the next thing
I know,
you're breaking up
with me.
Mnh. That has nothing to do
with this.
Then what happened?
Look,
you can tell me anything.
[ Clears throat ]
♪ There's no way
you will take this from me ♪
[ Vocalizing ]
I just need time
for me...
and only me.
Please go.
♪ There's no way
you will take this from me ♪
[ Vocalizing ]
You'll figure out
the case.
You're too smart
not to.
♪♪
[ Door opens ]
♪ And I will try
to make it real ♪
[ Door opens ]
Where've you been?
Went for a jog.
Really?
You wanna smell me
to make sure?
♪ 'Cause we can do
what no one can ♪
[ Sighs ]
What are you working on?
Nate Senior's
wrongful death suit.
I know
it's not a good idea,
but it's what Nate wants.
[ Sighs ] Nate's an idiot
if that's what he wants.
But he's gonna do it
with or without my involvement.
♪ The only life... ♪
I'm gonna shower.
You wanna come?
♪ ...we really want ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm just
chasing after dreams ♪
Good night.
Night.
♪ I am chasing after dreams ♪
[ Vocalizing ]
♪♪
[ Car alarm chirps ]
[ Keys jingling ]
♪♪
[ Clicking ]
They must know we're about
to file the wrongful death suit.
That's why
they did this.
Xavier got
into the C&G server,
saw we were about
to sue the Governor,
and this is their way
to scare me into silence.
What?
You really need me
to say it?
You told me to fight back,
and you also got me to want
to help Nate.
I never said
to help him.
I said to put yourself
in his shoes.
Well, it's too late.
Now I don't know
whether to call Cora
and tell her to --
Don't.
They could kill her,
Annalise.
They just want
to scare you.
And, look -- it's working.
Good job.
She's not filing the suit.
I always come through.
You know that.
Bad Frank
always comes through.
This was Good Frank.
I thought,
"What scares me the most?"
It's losing
the love of my life.
Laurel?
I'm not talking
about Laurel.
Bonnie?
No.
It's not your call.
Then why the hell
did you tell me?
'Cause I want your approval
this time.
Well, you don't have it,
and you never will.
Why?
Because you're
gonna hurt her, Frank.
♪♪
What's the point of fighting
so hard to stay alive
if we're just gonna
die alone?
♪♪
[ Cellphone buttons click ]
[ Cellphone rings ]
Hello?
Yes.
Yes what?
Yes, uh, to the 18th date
or whatever.
In person?
In person.
Tomorrow night.
You plan it.
[ Cellphone clicks ]
Okay.
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
Oh.
Tegan: I hate myself
for doing this,
especially to you,
Nate.
The last thing I want is
to cause you more hurt.
Annalise get to you?
Is that
why you're bailing?
The Castillos
got to me.
There's no winning
with these people.
There's just more death.
And God forbid I'm gonna
let them do to Cora
what they did
to your father.
I'm sorry.
I understand.
We get why finding out
David's gay,
that Ryan knew,
complicates this case.
Yes, it does.
But if we go to trial,
you both won't have been heard,
and you won't have heard
from David.
This is your chance for him
to explain the why --
why he acted
so irresponsibly,
why he regrets it
with every ounce of his being.
Speaking the truth out loud
has so much power in it.
You, young man,
have no clue
what it feels like
to lose a child.
First my daughter
to a heart attack.
Now this?
Ryan...was the only piece of her
I had left.
I understand.
I lost my baby boy
to a hit and run.
And every day, I think
about finding that driver
and doing unspeakable things
to him.
But more than that,
I just want to hear him say
he's sorry.
David's going to prison.
That's not
ever gonna change.
But this is your chance
to get your apology.
♪♪
The baby you lost...
it was with Sam?
[ Breathes deeply ]
Surprised your mother
didn't tell you.
She knew?
Is that when things started
going wrong for you two?
It's like what
they say --
nothing's harder on a marriage
than losing a child.
Those grandparents
are still together.
[ Chuckles ]
I get now why you begged
to make this
a restorative justice case.
It's not about
changing the system.
You want for David
what you want for yourself --
to confess your guilt
about killing your mother's ex.
♪♪
You're wrong.
Okay.
♪♪
[ Horns honk ]
[ Sighs ] When we lost
our daughter, Sue,
Ryan became our son.
And now he's gone, too.
That's why it felt good
to hate David,
just to have some other feeling
besides...loss.
And I hate this man.
I do.
But the Bible says
that we should forgive
our trespassers,
the sinner who repents.
[ Voice breaking ]
I want to forgive you.
I really do.
I don't feel the same.
I forgave God for taking
my daughter from this world.
But this?
Did you do this
because you're homosexual?
Did you think
Ryan was, too?
Did you try to --
No, I would never!
I-I swear on the Bible!
Please don't speak,
Mr. Golan.
I've had to sit here
and listen to these kids
tell those lies
about my Ryan,
blaming him.
But let's be clear here --
you are the adult!
You're the one
that took the gun to school!
If Ryan...was
so troubled,
it was your job
to help that child.
Instead, you made it up
in your mind
that he was gonna
hurt somebody.
I'm suffering, Mr. Golan.
I'll die suffering.
But it's you
who should be suffering.
In jail.
For life.
That might make me suffer
a little bit less.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
[ Door opens, closes ]
You still think
this was a good idea?
Why wouldn't I?
I know more
than you'll ever understand
the self-hatred
of being in this closet.
Expressing grief
is a part of this process.
Now it's time for you
to express yours.
There are no words
I can say
that's gonna make anyone
feel better.
Let that be the last lie
you tell today.
David:
I would, uh, much prefer
to go to jail
for the rest of my life
than to explain
how we all got here today.
Because I don't think
I deserve forgiveness.
Ryan is the one
who deserves that.
The thing
that I'm afraid to say,
because that's
how much shame there is,
is, um, when Ryan came
into the class that day...
...I had hate in my heart
for him.
Not because he was trouble
in class,
but hate because
of what he knew about me.
The thing that I've...
most hated about myself...
that I'm...
And what -- what character
is lacking in me
that I didn't have the courage
to stand up
to a 16-year-old boy and say,
"Yes, I'm gay"?
Instead,
I let hate take over,
and I, um...
♪♪
I'm -- I'm not sure
if it's the reason
that I pulled the trigger,
but I'm sure
that it was a part of it.
Mr. and Mrs. Fitzgerald...
♪♪
...I am so sorry
for taking away
the most important part
of your life.
So, give me
a-a-any punishment you want.
I want that, too.
I want to take
your suffering...
and I want to make it my own.
That is --
That is my only wish here today.
♪♪
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Gabriel?
Hey.
You were right.
Why we broke up.
I cheated on you
with Asher.
What?
A month ago.
Just once.
I'm sorry I lied.
I'm sorry.
Asher: Hey.
The judge
has his sentence.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
The purpose
of restorative justice
is to help repair the harm
done to victims and families.
To the degree that
this hearing has brought
even a little solace
to the Fitzgeralds' loss,
it's been time
well spent.
But this court is also
about justice for the guilty.
Therefore,
taking into consideration
the recommendation
of the victim's guardians,
we have come to the decision
to stick to the original terms
of the plea deal --
20 years
for third-degree homicide,
plus five years for possession
of a weapon on school property.
Defense,
do you accept this plea?
We do, Your Honor.
The plea is accepted.
Mr. Golan will begin serving
his sentence immediately.
♪♪
Gabriel: [ Exhales sharply ]
That's it?
We go through all that
and he still gets
the same 25 years?
This hearing was a better use
of tax dollars
than any damn trial
I ever argued.
It's a damn miracle
that it even happened.
Because of you.
♪♪
Gabriel: Hey.
[ Sighs ]
Let's not do this here.
Look, I don't care about
what happened between you two.
You made a mistake.
Mistakes happen.
Don't trip
over something so small.
The fact that you're not
pissed about that
actually means
that your feelings for her
-are absolutely not real.
-Okay.
You don't know anything
about me.
I know she deserves better
than you.
[ Grunts ]
Oh, my God!
-Aah!
-Just stop!
[ Both grunting ]
Come on!
You're gonna get arrested.
[ Door opens ]
Robert: Welcome.
Can I take your jacket?
Oh, yeah.
I'm starting
to read my audience.
I figured, uh, a nice, simple
dinner in would be enough.
Here you go.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
[ Cellphone ringing ]
♪ I can feel
your heartbeat, baby ♪
This is Michaela Pratt.
A text or e-mail
is preferred to voicemail.
[ Cellphone clicks ]
♪ It's something I cannot see ♪
Is it too soon
to apologize?
What would be better
is if you didn't do anything
that needed
apologizing for.
At least no one
got arrested.
Not the point.
Here. Switch.
♪ I can feel, like I know
how you feel all alone ♪
I'm really sorry.
And I'm bored.
I'll be upstairs
studying.
I don't know what happened.
It's like I...
just blacked out and came to
when everything was over.
That doesn't sound
healthy.
Like any of us
are healthy.
I got a couple good hits in,
though, right?
Sure.
Night, champ.
♪ Baby ♪
Okay.
♪ It's something I cannot see,
it's crazy ♪
Why do you want
to do this?
What?
Wonderful dinner,
small talk.
You seem like a guy
who has prospects.
I mean...
what is this all about?
I hoped it would lead
to real-time dating.
You know, we've had
some fun talks on the phone,
but I really
don't know you,
and you sure in the hell
don't know me.
Both of my exes --
they said some version of,
"It's not me, it's you."
So, after a lot of therapy,
I get told
that I don't feel worthy.
I'm working on it.
But whatever
small part of me
that does feel worthy
of love,
I want to share it
with you.
♪ Golden windows in the sun ♪
You are not ready
for this.
Try me.
You've been single
for a long time.
[ Exhales sharply ]
What about letting someone
get close?
When you're alone,
don't you miss
being touched?
Not all touch is welcomed.
♪♪
It's not something I talk about,
but it's there.
♪ I can feel
your heart beating ♪
Cora:
It's Cora Duncan.
I'll get back to you
as soon as possible.
[ Voicemail beeps ]
I know I made it clear
I never wanted to talk
to you again,
but I just wanted
to check in,
make sure
you're still...alive.
So, please call me back.
[ Cellphone clicks ]
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
[ Line ringing ]
♪♪
Annalise: You've reached the
voicemail of Annalise Keating.
Please leave a message.
[ Voicemail beeps ]
You think I'm crazy if I sleep
at the office tonight?
I'd be up for a hang
if you have no plans.
Huh?
[ Son Little's
"about her. again." plays ]
♪♪
May I?
[ Chuckles ]
Well, it's either that
or more small talk.
♪ Go on, do what you want ♪
Come here.
Alright.
♪ Or don't ♪
♪ It's all over again, yeah ♪
Mm-hmm.
[ Laughs ]
Y-Y...You know
you're leading, right?
♪ You go on
and mess up my head ♪
[ Both laugh ]
Okay.
Oh, right.
♪ You go on
and mess up my head ♪
Trust me.
♪♪
[ Whistling ]
♪ There's just something
about her ♪
♪♪
♪ Takes me over the under ♪
Smells good.
My special sauce.
Thought it might be nice to
take care of you for a change.
Mmm.
[ Breathes sharply ]
Where were you?
Nate's.
Doing what?
Working on
the wrongful death suit.
The Castillos
got to me.
I understand.
But see, I want
the Governor's head,
so I'm filing this suit
whether you're my lawyer
or not.
♪♪
I'll file it.
I'm sorry
they threatened you, Cora,
but you didn't see
what Nate went through.
It's not okay.
I'm your lawyer.
Frank: What happened to wanting
to move on from all that?
We only move on
by finally getting
to the truth
of what happened.
You saw
what Xavier did to me.
What makes you think
he won't do that to you?
Hiding is never
the answer.
You tried to kill yourself
in the garage because of this.
I already filed the suit,
Frank.
♪♪
You named the Governor?
Either she does down,
or it's us.
♪♪
Who's Bonnie Winterbottom?
Keating's right hand.
[ Sighing ] Fine.
Get me everything
we have on her.
You got it.
[ Vehicle door opens ]
[ Siren wailing in distance ]
♪♪
[ Cellphone button clicks ]
[ Line ringing ]
Woman: Hey.
You still in Philly?
Where else would I be?
Isn't this the penthouse?
Good. Send me a copy of
the Winterbottom file tonight.
No problem.
[ Asher snoring ]
[ Door opens ]
[ Sighs ]
He's such a frat boy.
Oliver: Seriously, what's wrong
with straight guys?
Gay guys
get in fights, too.
You don't have to remind me,
Mr. Bash-the-Gay-Basher-
Before-Our-Wedding.
What?
Can we turn it off?
[ Snoring continues ]
I've done worse
than that.
Sam?
I never told you
about that night.
No, you haven't.
Our case today,
that teacher
just saying everything, it...
You know...
you can say everything
to me.
You won't stop
loving me?
I'll never stop
loving you.
I...I was the one
who chopped up the body.
[ Breathes sharply ]
♪♪
[ Telephone ringing
in distance ]
♪♪
[ Door opens ]
Oli.
Hey.
Come on, guy, let's get you
out of here.
Sweet-O, look at me.
[ Police radio chatter ]
Connor's smart.
He's gonna be fine.
♪♪
I did it!
Oliver!
It was me! Arrest me!
I did it!
Arrest me!
I'm the murderer!
♪♪